README

1. Reflect on any design changes you made and write a paragraph or two explaining how you approached the design
process, and ultimately what you liked and didn’t like about your decisions. As in my original design, the quality of
your design will be a tradeoff against the time you have and the extent to which you engage in upfront design
versus incremental design. You will NOT lose points for pointing out things that you would like to improve in your
design – this is all part of the reflective design process. (5 points)


I was only able to more or less successfully do Part 1 of this assignment. I successfully added a second track, added a
train moving from west to east, and have the gates observing it and closing accordingly. There is some kind of bug where
it seems as though the gates respond to the west to east train both entering and leaving, and the east to west train
leaving, but not the east to west train entering. I believe this could be fixed by adding a train factory similar to the 
car factory, but I was not able to figure this out in time for the deadline (I again had time management issues and that
is clearly an issue I need to work on for future assignments). However, aside from the east to west train not being
detected when it enters, part 1 should be successfully working. 

To implement these changes, I added a new train in the simulation class, and added references to that second train to 
implement its functionality in the addObserver for loop and AnimationTimer function. I created the second track in the 
MapBuilder class, and added checks for the direction of the train in the Train class. I had to experiment with values
in Simulation and MapBuilder to get a reasonable placement for the train and track, respectively. If I had given myself 
more time, I would have liked to be able to created a TrainFactory class so that the gates could reference all trains
at once, rather than one at a time as it seems to be doing right now. I liked the way I changed the train class to allow
for movement in the opposite direction by simply passing it an "east" or "west" value in the constructor, and the way I 
implemented that movement in the relevant functions. 


2. In preparation for our future architectural focus, imagine that Mayor Buttigieg wants to build a simulation of traffic
in South Bend and he asks if he can use your design – discuss whether your design (as-is) would scale up or not. List
specific aspects that you think wouldn’t scale well. (5 points)


As is, I don't think my design would scale well. While the code has random speed cars and trains in multiple directions, 
I feel like adding numerous roads (both parallel and perpendicular to the other roads) would be a difficult task to 
adequately implement, particularly perpendicular tracks. However, if both a car and train factory was implemented, with all
gates observing trains in the train factory, then it may scale up better. Further, roads and tracks in real life are not
purely straight horizontal and vertical lines; many roads curve. I think some kind of curved road or track would be really 
hard to  properly implement drawing methods for, though theoretically with well functioning train and car factory classes, 
and gates that observe the trains properly, then having that code scale should be feasible.


Note: I only submitted the files in my HWK5 directory that I edited. They won't run on their own as they depend on all the
other files, but you should be able to replace the originals with mine to see the functionality that I added.